Update helm-cd-quickstart.md (#4523)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/helm/helm-cd-quickstart.md

 
This limitation is imposed by [Helm](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_template_guide/getting_started/#adding-a-simple-template-call). 

> To resolve this issue, please ensure that your release name falls within the 53-character range. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To resolve this issue, please ensure that your release name falls within the 53 character range. 
```

You can achieve this by using the following expression in **Release Name** to shorten the release name: `<+<+INFRA_KEY>.substring(0,7)>`.

> ### Issues with Helm Connector Connectivity, How do I troubleshoot it?  I'm getting 401 not authorized.
> 
> First, check the credentials that you have passed to the Helm HTTP or OCI Connector, and ensure the credentials are still valid. You can also exec into your Harness Delegate and run the `helm repo add` command on the delegate to manually fetch the repo to see if the delegate can pull it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Troubleshoot 401 Not Authorized issue with Helm connector

First, ensure the credentials that you have passed to the Helm HTTP or OCI Connector are still valid. 

You can also `exec` into your Harness delegate and run the `helm repo add` command on the delegate to manually fetch the repo to see if the delegate can pull it.
```
